<!-----------Summary----------------->
This is an coding exercise that creates a map with a marker that shows bus stops from MIT to harvard. I have set the map to satellite streets mode to tweek the original style. The map is generated by Mapbox.
<!------------How to run----------------->
To use this program you will have to supply your own access token which can be obtained by following the link below.
https://docs.mapbox.com/help/tutorials/get-started-tokens-api/
Once you have your access code insert it on line 18 on mapAnimation.js, after mapboxgl.accessToken =
Make sure to wrap your access token in quotations eg. mapboxgl.accessToken ="yourAccessToken"
Once the map has loaded you can click the button to see the markers appear at each bus stop.
<!----------Fututre improvements------------>
Plan out different routes
I would like to add different animations and potentially add real time gps to cater for traffic ect
<!--------License information-------------->
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 John Williams

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
